Doxa Partners - Systems Case Study 

Try not to spend too long on this case study, at most a few hours.  
If you don't have time to complete it, then pelase attempt the tasks in order, and send in what you have.
We will take into account your level of prior experience when assessing, and will also judge your coding style. 
There are many ways to complete the tasks, and we will look for evidence of you making sensible choices in coding logic and structure. 

The Program sets up the following tables in an in-memory database using Entity Framework (an Object Relational Mapper):
1) Instrument - Static data relating to instruments
2) MarketPrice - Instrument prices in their local currency by date
3) FxRate - FX Rates against USD by currency by date.  Rates are "number of local currency per US dollar", e.g. > 100 for JPY 
4) Transaction - transactions (buy/sell), with relevant date, transaction price, and 

Tasks:
1) Add foreign keys relating the entities where appropriate, see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/modeling/relationships/foreign-and-principal-keys
2) Create a new data class to track positions (#shares) in each instrument and their market values (NAVs) in the instrument's local currency over time
3) Populate a List of this data class for the months August - October 2023, for the portfolio described by the given transactions.  
	Do not track currency balances/overdrafts resulting from the transactions
4) Output this data to "Performance.csv", by executing the WriteRecords function (as shown in Progrom.cs commented line) on your list variable 
5) Now add to your position data a field to keep track of cumulative P&L (Profit or Loss) for each position at each date. 
	This is defined as the total cashflow from that instrument's transactions up to and including that date, plus the carrying position's market value
	And output the results csv as before
6) Add (at least) 3 more columns to your position data (outputted to Performance.csv) showing the prevailing local currency FX rate relating to that instrument, 
	the value of each position in USD at that date, and the P&L for that position in USD 

Questions:
1) How did the portfolio perform overall (to end of October)?
2) How would you add columns for realised and unrealised P&L ? (you don't have to do this)
3) What is missing from this simple portfolio reporting program, how could it be extended?

Note: if you want to check the output of your program using excel/good sheets/other software, we have provided the raw data as CSVs in this repository, in the "DataCSVs" folder

For further reading on Entity Framework, see: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/get-started/overview/first-app?tabs=netcore-cli